HomerJSimpson
3 hours ago
Congratulations to the American League champions
Yankees/Rangers/Tigers/Rays! (NOTE: GET OFF FAT ASS AND PUT IN RIGHT
ONES BEFORE TWEETING)

HomerJSimpson
17 Oct
In honor of World Food Day, please remember the kids who go to bed
hungry every night. Mine.

HomerJSimpson
15 Oct
My political donation to Buddy Roemer was a big mistake. I was trying
to give Buddy Ebsen money to make more Barnaby Joneses.

HomerJSimpson
10 Oct
Interesting coincidence: 1492 is the year Columbus discovered America
and also my most recent blood pressure.

HomerJSimpson
10 Oct
When Columbus discovered it, it was the New World. Now it's old and
has bad hips.

HomerJSimpson
10 Oct
It's Columbus Day. If there's a holiday honoring Columbus, shouldn't
there be one honoring MacMillan and Wife?

HomerJSimpson
10 Oct
Hey, Canadians, don't forget to give thanks to me--I've funneled
millions of dollars into your back bacon industry.

HomerJSimpson
10 Oct
Canada has Thanksgiving on October 10, so I'm headed south of the
border!

HomerJSimpson
6 Oct
To counter all the unfounded rumors going around about me, let me set
the record straight: I am NOT running for President.

HomerJSimpson
5 Oct
I'm in a big negotiation but I finally struck a deal: a new 2 year
cell phone contract. Now the hard part, choosing the funniest ring
tone.

HomerJSimpson
28 Sep
Glad to see Simon Cowell has bounced back after being fired from
"American Chopper".

HomerJSimpson
27 Sep
Marge tells me "The X Factor" is not porno but an English guy yelling
at people trying to sing. Which to me is an incredible turn-on.

HomerJSimpson
27 Sep
I'm so excited to watch that new porno show on Fox, "The X Factor!"

HomerJSimpson
25 Sep
You know the small print on car commercials that says "Professional
driver on closed course, do not attempt"? I'm the reason for that!

HomerJSimpson
24 Sep
The first person I saw when I opened my eyes was my loving Dad. So I
shut my eyes and faked another 11 hours of coma.

HomerJSimpson
23 Sep
@MimiChan82 My coma was medically induced: I slammed my station wagon
head-on into an ambulance.

HomerJSimpson
23 Sep
I'm back! I can't tell you what kind of great summer I had. Because I
spent most of it in a coma.

HomerJSimpson
4 Aug
Teens, vote for me at www.teenchoiceawards.com and I tell you the
secret of how to disable all the parental controls on your computer.

ComicBookGuy
25 Jul
Back home again in Springfield for one day of rest before working on
fresh bitterness for next year's #ComicCon. #FOXSDCC

HomerJSimpson
24 Jul
RT @ComicBookGuy: Got to #ComicCon a little late because, like every
Sunday morning, I spent 2 hours in Church... 's Fried
Chicken. #FOXSDCC

ComicBookGuy
23 Jul
Seeing Anna Torv today! And the question mic is OVER 100 feet from the
stage, so I won't be violating the restraining order. #FOXSDCC

ComicBookGuy
22 Jul
To all you muggles who say I'm not really here at #ComicCon... does
THIS answer your question?! Check. Mate. #fox
http://twitpic.com/5u7t7y

ComicBookGuy
22 Jul
OMG, I just saw Stan Lee walk by! No, wait, it was someone in a Crypt
Keeper costume. #FOXSDCC

HomerJSimpson
21 Jul
No deal! RT @ComicBookGuy I'm leaving my store to go to #ComicCon for
the next 5 days. Please, thieves, steal my Archie comics #FOXSDCC

HomerJSimpson
21 Jul
This guy torments my kid. That's worth an RT to me! RT @ComicBookGuy
I'm off to #ComicCon, aka "The Gathering Of The Normals." #FOXSDCC

HomerJSimpson
18 Jul
I might win a "Teen Choice" Award. Just in case, I took down my
"Living Corpse" Trophy to make room. #TeenChoiceAwards

HomerJSimpson
8 Jul
It's not fair I have to compete for the #TeenChoiceAward against the
married team of Ashton Kutcher and Demi Lovato. http://bit.ly/kGKtS5

HomerJSimpson
5 Jul
I'm nominated for a #TeenChoiceAward! Til now the only thing teens
have chosen me for is to ask me to buy them beer. http://bit.ly/kGKtS5

HomerJSimpson
29 Jun
Woohoo! I'm nominated for a #TeenChoiceAward! Hey, @justinbieber do
you hear footsteps? And the occasional belch? http://bit.ly/kGKtS5

HomerJSimpson
29 May
Thinking about going to the gym. Sorry, mistyped. I meant the
cheese-steak place.

HomerJSimpson
27 May
Every time I watch the dog pee on Flanders' lawn, I proudly think "I
taught him that".

HomerJSimpson
26 May
After a lawsuit brought by concerned citizens, the Environmental
Protection Agency has been granted the right to regulate my
emissions.

HomerJSimpson
26 May
Lisa's bunny died and we had a funeral out back. But dead things in
the yard are unsanitary so after she was asleep I dug it up and ate
it.

HomerJSimpson
24 May
I'm not fat, I'm obesely gifted.

Lord_Voldemort7
18 Oct
'Fight For This Love' makes about as much sense as having a war for
peace.

Lord_Voldemort7
18 Oct
If you are a student (Hogwarts or not), you will likely enjoy
@universifree. The best student offers, scholarships and advice.

Lord_Voldemort7
18 Oct
Your name must be 'Felix Felicis,' because I think I'm about to get
lucky.

Lord_Voldemort7
18 Oct
#uwannaimpressme? Don't say things like "wanna".

Lord_Voldemort7
18 Oct
"Early Gaga" is trending. I remember those days. Back then she was
known by a different name: "Luna Lovegood"...

Lord_Voldemort7
18 Oct
"We Protect Selena" is trending. Oh really? That works? If only
twitter had been around in 1995...

Lord_Voldemort7
17 Oct
Female Weezy is trending. "What's a Wheezy?" -Harry Potter

Lord_Voldemort7
17 Oct
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause I don't follow you. I lead, I don't follow.

Lord_Voldemort7
17 Oct
#dontbemadatmebecause you wish you were me.

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
Wondering why you're still single? Don't worry, it could be many
things. Most likely it's because you suck and everybody knows it but
you.

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
Happy Birthday Eminem. I hope you find the real Slim Shady out of all
the ones who are just imitating. Polyjuice potion can be a bitch...

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
Happy Birthday Eminem. I do not 'love the way you lie'. Nobody lies to
the Dark Lord, he always knows... twitpic.com/71j2d5

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
#InSchoolTheresAlways that one teacher that's out to get you. Just
because you created a dark army & mayyybe murdered some other
students.

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
Apparently Gandalf has been out for "ages". Seriously Obi Wan... now's
your time. Not to 'force' you or anything...

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
Zachary Quinto has come out. First Dumbledore, now Spock. Hey, Obi Wan
& Gandalf, do you have something to share? Now's your time...

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
#BecauseofChrisBrown I'm not the only one known for leaving scars...

Lord_Voldemort7
16 Oct
'WILL YOU SHUT UP' is trending. I do not approve. This makes it seem
as though they have an option...

Lord_Voldemort7
15 Oct
Protesting & ensuing riots have caused Time Square in NYC to be put on
lockdown. Stop trying to outdo the Quidditch World Cup, muggles.

Lord_Voldemort7
15 Oct
EVERYONE LOVES BIEBER is trending. Apparently "Everyone" is a new
slang word for 'tween girls.'

Lord_Voldemort7
15 Oct
#ireallyhatewhenpeople don't respect your privacy. You know, they
steal your stuff, read your diary, destroy it with basilisk
fangs. Rude.

Lord_Voldemort7
15 Oct
Top 10 Rappers: The Half-Blood Prince of Bel-Air....

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
"Make Your Mark" is trending. I approve, as long as you make it a
#DarkMark...

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
#AskBieber: So, did you take polyjuice potion or what....?
twitpic.com/70clfx

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
If you don't like what I'm saying then you REALLY wouldn't like what
I'm thinking...

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
Happy National Dessert Day... twitpic.com/709bot

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
No Dobby/House Elves to cook in your kitchen? Watch Chobani Kitchen to
get delicious recipes made easy... lx.im/1rGMj - spon

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
Regardless of whether you have #ARealBoyfriend or not you will still
die alone. Happy Friday!

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
My confession: I used non-Usher lyrics in a Happy Birthday Usher tweet
as I feel if you sing 'Boo' & aren't a ghost I should make you one...

Lord_Voldemort7
14 Oct
Happy Birthday Usher is a TT. To celebrate I decided to 'grab somebody
sexy, tell them hey'. Um, I mean, Uh.... twitpic.com/6zzmcl

Lord_Voldemort7
13 Oct
Ladies, don't worry if you're single or don't have
#ARealBoyfriend. There are plenty of dementors out there just waiting
to kiss you...

Lord_Voldemort7
13 Oct
Hogwarts is our home is trending. Very true, and most of the magic
happens in my bed. Bow chicka wow wowwwww.

Lord_Voldemort7
13 Oct
Dear Blackberry, The longer you keep this up the easier it will be to
convince people they should communicate through Dark Marks...

Lord_Voldemort7
13 Oct
#ARealBoyfriend is alive & not a cardboard cutout of Edward
Cullen/Robert Pattinson. Take note, Twihards.

Diane Jordan
12 Oct
@Lord_Voldemort7 Congrats o evil one on reaching the magical number of
1,777,777 followers, to infinity and beyond...oh wrong series...

Lord_Voldemort7
12 Oct
Taking advice from random strangers?
#UKnowBetter... twitpic.com/6zgw1p

Lord_Voldemort7
12 Oct
Blackberry phones aren't working. Wow, this sounds like it could be a
Sirius issue...

Lord_Voldemort7
12 Oct
Other people getting hurt #makesmelaugh.... twitpic.com/6zdjh6

Lord_Voldemort7
12 Oct
Death Eaters, time to start eating more than Death! Discover your
cooking personality & recipes from Chobani... lx.im/1rCdj - spon

Lord_Voldemort7
12 Oct
People stressing over minor issues #makesmelaugh. Suck it up,
cupcake. There are bigger things to worry about... like homicidal
wizards.

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
Download a preview of the new #HBRMgmtTip book based on
@ManagementTip. hbr.org/mgmttips

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
Should You Stay Late or Go Home? s.hbr.org/r9UpUh

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
To Reform Capitalism, CEOs Should Champion 'For-Benefit' Enterprises
s.hbr.org/nE71OP

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
Corporations must extend their time, products, expertise, & values in
innovative ways - @CEO_Starbucks s.hbr.org/obVXyH #FixtheSystem

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
We Need More Mature Leaders s.hbr.org/qanGtu

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
RT @ManagementTip: How to Get Promoted to the C-Suite s.hbr.org/pUE3ri
#HBRMgmtTip

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
The Daily Stat: The Cost of Getting a Vote: $145 s.hbr.org/nzy13Z

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
Three Rules for Entrepreneurs During Uncertainty s.hbr.org/pc9OOx

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
#ProgressPrinciple coauthor @TeresaAmabile's TEDx video on
#DisengagementCrisis bit.ly/XSbuK via @tedxatlanta

HarvardBiz
18 Oct
Management Tip: How to Get Promoted to the C-Suite s.hbr.org/pUE3ri
#HBRMgmntTip

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Leading Through Volatility s.hbr.org/rsg8sJ

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Four Motivation Mistakes Most Leaders Make s.hbr.org/oBT1Uh

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Your First Job Doesn't (Really) Matter s.hbr.org/nYnw1J

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
RT @ManagementTip HBR.org: Two Ways to Stop Competing s.hbr.org/nPq0IV
#HBRMgmtTip

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Your favorite Management Tips are now in book form. Use #HBRMgmtTip
for a chance to win a copy of the book. s.hbr.org/rjFF4t

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
The Daily Stat: Republican Newspapers Report More Bad Economic News
Under Democratic Presidents s.hbr.org/nBWwb6

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Employee values and shareholder values should be one in the same -
Lars Bjork. s.hbr.org/oR39fn #FixtheSystem

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
CEO pay must be designed to drive "good" behavior - David
Wise. s.hbr.org/qyC6dw #FixtheSystem

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
The Six Attitudes Leaders Take Towards Social Media s.hbr.org/oXiINp

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
A Female-Dominated Workplace Won't Fix Everything s.hbr.org/qMyXsb

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Invest in Communities to Advance Capitalism s.hbr.org/obVXyH

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Where No Child Left Behind Went Wrong s.hbr.org/nGXB7r

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
The Fatal Flaw with 360 Surveys s.hbr.org/nR9Uwr

HarvardBiz
17 Oct
Management Tip: Two Ways to Stop Competing s.hbr.org/nPq0IV
#HBRMgmntTip

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
The Daily Stat: France's Minimum-Income Law Becomes a Disincentive to
Work s.hbr.org/oKMsTk

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
The Must-Have Leadership Skill s.hbr.org/pVx307

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
In Praise of Charitable Giving -- to Uncle Sam s.hbr.org/rijX7L

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
Steve Jobs, the Immediate Case Study s.hbr.org/oTUUel

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
Employee Values = Stakeholder Value s.hbr.org/oR39fn

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
Occupy Wall Street: What Businesses Need to Know s.hbr.org/qOODi7

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
Why Your Salespeople Are Pushovers s.hbr.org/qIfgyG

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
This week's winner of the new #HBRMgmtTip book based on @ManagementTip
is Angela! Congratulations @hotel_goddess! #HBRMgmtTip

HarvardBiz
14 Oct
Management Tip: Serve Your New Ideas Raw s.hbr.org/oZCwq7 #HBRMgmntTip

HarvardBiz
13 Oct
Keeping Employees Engaged in Tough Times s.hbr.org/oCrWS1

HarvardBiz
13 Oct
To create long-term shareholder value, CEOs must start with employees
- Ken Freeman. s.hbr.org/oXGJGL #FixtheSystem

justinbieber
18 Oct
#2Weeks #UnderTheMistletoe #GIVEBACK - bit.ly/nvvMTj

United4Bieber
18 Oct
@justinbieber YAY! Just #2WEEKS for #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE I'm so excited!
(;

lau_lovebieber
18 Oct
@justinbieber i cant wait for #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE

KimKardashian
17 Oct
Can't wait for @justinbieber's #Misletoe Christmas album's are my
favorite of all time! i can listen to xmas music year round!

justinbieber
18 Oct
got stuck in some traffic. lol. #ilovemyfans - just watch your
feet. youtube.com/watch?v=TOacOc...

justinbieber
18 Oct
just realized.... #2WEEKS until the album #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE hits
stores!! #NOVEMBER1st

justinbieber
18 Oct
#stillkidrauhl

AidOfCaitlin
18 Oct
@justinbieber can't wait for the #MISTLETOE video :)

xOhMyGomezx
18 Oct
@justinbieber #1 on itunes amazingggg

justinbieber
18 Oct
@iSupportBiebz_ the video comes out tonight

iSupportBiebz_
18 Oct
@justinbieber when does the music video for #MISTLETOE comes out? i'm
waiting ;D

imtruebelieberr
18 Oct
#nowplaying #Mistletoe - @justinbieber. In love with this song. Its on
repeat. <3

justinbieber
18 Oct
heading to Venezuela today....last show of the tour. pretty
wild. gonna go BIG and got some surprises. #celebration
#myworldtourLASTSHOW

justinbieber
18 Oct
waking up & seeing #MISTLETOE at #1...so grateful 2 everyone that
supported. thank u! #DREAMBIG - I promise this album is for
real. #nov1st

mtvnews
17 Oct
Check it #beliebers! SNEAK PEEK of our #MTVFirst w/ @JustinBieber!
WATCH: ow.ly/709hq Tune in tomrw 7:54pET @MTV 4 the whole thang!

iAmJulkeyz
17 Oct
@justinbieber "Mistletoe" is my new guilty pleasure.

itsRyanButler
17 Oct
#proudbestfriend #Mistletoe #classictune

justinbieber
18 Oct
WE GO HARD! #TEAMBIEBER

KennyHamilton
17 Oct
You may not like our team or @JustinBieber but you will respect this
hustle!!! We work hard! From top to bottom! #GoodGuysAlwaysWin

DearJessicaaa
18 Oct
@justinbieber WOW! Mistletoe is fantastic! The ultimate Christmas
song:) Cant wait for the album<3

mollieseward
18 Oct
@justinbieber #MISTLETOE IS THE NEXT HIT CHRISTMAS SONG! Gonna stay at
#1 for a while <3 <3 <3

IqraIsGRAND
18 Oct
@justinbieber I GOT MISTLETOE ON MY PHONE! I HAVE THE WHOLE THING
MEMORIZED. Fluuufit!

ImmaBelieber136
18 Oct
@justinbieber GREAT JOB with #MISTLETOE!! Its literally stuck inside
my head!! <3 SUch an amazing song!!

SwiftInBelieber
18 Oct
@justinbieber IM IN LOVE WITH MISTLETOE ITS ON REPEAT RIGHT NOW [':
#SWAG

biebslover84
18 Oct
@justinbieber cant stop listening to #mistletoe (: already my ringtone
#loveit

joyceharper001
18 Oct
@justinbieber your new song is amazing :) me nd @Myrnab94 can't stop
listening to It.. Oh btw my mom likes it too :) #MISTLETOE #1 ..

bieberlova89
18 Oct
@justinbieber I CANT BELIEVE #MISTLETOE IS #1 ON ITUNES ALREADY!!!
#beliebersgohard ! :)

guusep
18 Oct
@justinbieber I'm in love with the new song #mistletoe. Great job! 7

justinbieber
18 Oct
#MISTLETOE video comes out tomorrow on @mtv and @vevo. WE READY!

macacastrirj
18 Oct
@justinbieber #MISTLETOE 1on iTunes #Chesnuts #8DAYS
#UNDERTHEMISTLETOE #NOV1ST #BELIEVE coming upTHIS IS CALLED
#BIEBERMANIA #BIEBERFEVER10

justinbieber
18 Oct
@xCanadianJBiebs very proud!

brenndasuarez
18 Oct
@justinbieber #MISTLETOE IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!

justinbieber
18 Oct
we got LOooose!! thank u PERU!! 1 more show to go! VENEZUELA get
ready!! #MYWORLDTOUR is coming and Im singing #MISTLETOE!!

justinbieber
18 Oct
hyped from the reaction to #mistletoe that we just had fun on stage
2nite in Peru!! #pranksterontheloose! @thatrygood would have been
proud